Updating the O3DE Memory Management documentation (#2503)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/programming/memory/allocators.md

To apply an allocator to your class, use the `AZ_CLASS_ALLOCATOR` macro in your class or directly call `AZ::AllocatorInstance`<*some\_allocator*>.

AZCore relies on `AZ_CLASS_ALLOCATOR` to specify the default allocator for the class or on explicit `azcreate` and `azdestroy` calls that specify the allocator in their signature.

> + If your class does not implement `AZ_CLASS_ALLOCATOR, calls to `new` or `delete` will use the global `operator new` or `operator delete`.

Author: This is missing a backtick to close out the code highlighting.
```suggestion
+ If your class does not implement `AZ_CLASS_ALLOCATOR`, calls to `new` or `delete` will use the global `operator new` or `operator delete`.
```

> + If your class does not implement `AZ_CLASS_ALLOCATOR` and you call `new` or `delete`, `new` or `delete` calls, the calls will use the global `operator new` or `operator delete`.

Reviewer: new or delete is repeated?
```suggestion
+ If your class does not implement `AZ_CLASS_ALLOCATOR, calls to `new` or `delete` will use the global `operator new` or `operator delete`.
```

Reviewer 2: Well after the command it was meant to say If your class does not implement `AZ_CLASS_ALLOCATOR` and you call `new` or `delete`, **then** the `new` or `delete` calls will use the global `operator new` and `operator delete` respectively.

But I like your rewrite.

> + If your class does not implement `AZ_CLASS_ALLOCATOR` and you call `aznew`, a compile error will trigger indicating that the operator new must be overwritten.

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure if you want to highlight just 'new' or 'operator new' here to be consistent with how the previous line highlights those terms.
```suggestion
+ If your class does not implement `AZ_CLASS_ALLOCATOR` and you call `aznew`, a compile error will trigger indicating that the operator `new` must be overwritten.
```

Reviewer 2: Actually I want to highlight the `operator new` function here as that is the name of the function the class must override: https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/memory/new/operator_new

Reviewer 2: So the code should be updated to place "operator new" in backticks.
```suggestion
+ If your class does not implement `AZ_CLASS_ALLOCATOR` and you call `aznew`, a compile error will trigger indicating that the `operator new` must be overwritten.
```

| AZ::ChildAllocatorSchema |  Acts as a pass-through schema to another allocator. Use this schema to create a new allocator based on an existing allocator like `SystemAllocator`. To properly tag the memory that each gem or logical subsystem allocates, each gem or subsystem can create its own child allocator. For more information, see [Creating an Allocator](#memory-allocators-creating-an-allocator).  |
| AZ::PoolSchema |  A specialized schema that implements a small block allocator for managing small, high-throughput allocations. Objects are typically pooled at the cost of using more memory.  `PoolSchema` is not thread safe. If you need a thread-safe version, use `ThreadPoolSchema` or write custom code to handle the synchronization.   |
| AZ::ThreadPoolSchema |  A thread-safe pool schema that uses thread local storage to implement a small block allocator for each thread.  Because the thread pool allocator creates separate pools for each thread, it uses somewhat more memory, especially for fixed pool sizes.   |

## Creating an Allocator 

> We recommend that each O3DE gem or logical subsystem create a `ChildAllocatorSchema` to properly tag the memory that it allocates. This practice makes it easier to budget resource usage and get a holistic view of it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We recommend that each O3DE gem or logical subsystem create a `ChildAllocatorSchema` to properly tag the memory that it allocates. This practice makes it easier to budget resource usage and get a holistic view of it.
Tagged memory usage can be viewed or written to files in several ways including by running the `sys_dumpallocators` or `sys_DumpAllocationRecordsToFile` console commands.
```

| AZ::PoolSchema |  A specialized schema that implements a small block allocator for managing small, high-throughput allocations. Objects are typically pooled at the cost of using more memory.  `PoolSchema` is not thread safe. If you need a thread-safe version, use `ThreadPoolSchema` or write custom code to handle the synchronization.   |
| AZ::ThreadPoolSchema |  A thread-safe pool schema that uses thread local storage to implement a small block allocator for each thread.  Because the thread pool allocator creates separate pools for each thread, it uses somewhat more memory, especially for fixed pool sizes.   |

## Creating an Allocator 

We recommend that each O3DE gem or logical subsystem create a `ChildAllocatorSchema` to properly tag the memory that it allocates. This practice makes it easier to budget resource usage and get a holistic view of it.

> Tagged memory usage can be viewed or written to files in several ways including by running the `sys_DumpAllocators` or `sys_DumpAllocationRecordsToFile` console commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tagged memory usage can be viewed or written to files in several ways including running the `sys_DumpAllocators` or `sys_DumpAllocationRecordsToFile` console commands.
```

If you choose to write your own schema, be aware that caching significant chunks of memory can be problematic. Such caching can hamper the ability of other systems to evolve to fit the content in your game. Unless you have specific requirements, we recommend that you create a `ChildAllocatorSchema` that eventually uses the `SystemAllocator`. Using a `ChildAllocatorSchema` ensures that your memory is as recoverable and reusable as possible.

**To create an allocator**

1. Choose a schema to use, write a custom schema, or choose an existing allocator that you want to modify. For more information, see [AZ Allocator Schemas](#allocator-schemas).

1. Inherit from `AllocatorBase`<*your\_schema*> to create your `Allocator` class.

> 1. Add `AZ_RTTI` so that `AllocatorInstance<>` can properly manage your type.

Reviewer: The numbering '1' is repeated? The above line too. Shouldnt this be 1, 2, 3... ?

Reviewer 2: No because markdown will automatically increment the number when repeated lines of ".1" is used: https://www.seancdavis.com/posts/pro-tip-use-1-for-every-ordered-list-item-when-writing-markdown/

This is useful in avoid needing to update other lines in case an entry is added or removed.
